Welcome to DevFactor!
and today we're going to talk a little
bit about UML
and you are now is something that
software engineers use
you know pretty of into kinda design
their code before they actually start
writing
to the matter is email our biggest ally
software companies people is years away
board
sketches instead the the mall kinda
gives you a structured way
going about planning at your code before
you actually start reading
so you know ye in the background this
video you can see that I'm
using web site called rod I L which
is a free kinda like alternative to
Microsoft Visio which is very popular
for
more diagramming and
I'd recommend you check it out I don't
think it's a a mandatory part of the
series by felt like it was important
enough
to some people that I should probably
touch on it and in the back and you can
see them doing what's called a class
design diagram and the top %uh you have
in the middle class
next you have the fields and their data
tapes
and then after that you have the methods
in a class
and that's the way I modeling what class
looks like and you'll see pretty soon
and make another class
and them going to have a diamond on my
first class point to the second class
thats composition relationship and that
just means the for
the first class the board has a
second class which I believe is a chair
racer
object in this particular example so we
can also use these diagrams to model
inheritance relationships almost
anything else you can think of to play
your coat so if you think it's useful
make sure to check out draw I know it's
totally free
and it's a really nice alternative
Microsoft Visio actually like it more
and otherwise no I got a couple
questions
and were interesting address this
tutorial series
so questioner one has to use a lengthy
the tutorials
so according to the Google Analytics
panel I'm provided with
you guys like videos there five minutes
or less
and actually i've seen my six and seven
minute videos
most people watch about five minutes
that means they're missing the last one
percent the videos
so I'm kinda thinking you now five
minutes is really short for programming
tutorial video I have to split this into
like
a hundred 200 upset as crazy by
and want to do that that's perfectly
fine with me the next video is 10
minutes long
that's what i was gonna test next scene
see
you know if I'm actually writing code
will people staying and learn what there
is to learn from that video
so if you have an opinion on this if you
think this refinance 10 minutes
15 minutes or 20 minutes I love to hear
that in the comments section below the
video
now homie structure my future tutorial
videos
in this java game development series
in my next and final question actually
has to do with the thumbnails
in the naming convention I'm using for
my videos so I recently went back in and
make custom thumbnails for
every single video on this channel oh my
god that took a long time
and I also you know I tried to make more
exciting tales
who were around I loved how other people
meet exciting tutorial titles
and I change them so you know I love
your feedback on that you like to do
something else you like new titles are
the things I should change
should I make the tutorial titles you
know more streamlined so they're all
like very similar
no just put a number after them or
something like that in your feedback on
their
that would be great otherwise I'm off to
work on some new videos
thank you for watching if you are
interested in learning more about
programming for java game development
make sure to subscribe to my channel get
new updates
two to three times a week thanks for
watching as theme